v5.17.26 (#8117)
mui/mui-x: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
See [Conventional Commits](https://conventionalcommits.org) for commit guidelines.

## 5.17.26

_Mar 3, 2023_

> We'd like to offer a big thanks to the 4 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

Author: ```suggestion

The v6 stable release is now available 🎉
Support and bug fixes will now be made on v6. 
Only critical fixes will be added to the v5.

We'd like to offer a big thanks to the 4 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:
```

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
See [Conventional Commits](https://conventionalcommits.org) for commit guidelines.

> ## 5.17.26

Reviewer: Shouldn't we have the package version updates as well? 🤔

_Mar 3, 2023_

> We're happy to announce the [v6 stable](https://github.com/mui/mui-x/releases/tag/v6.0.0) is finally available! 🎉

Reviewer 2: Is it worth it to update to `/latest` to always land users on the latest release? (let's say a user visits this page when v6.x.y is the latest release but the link still redirects it to v6.0.0)
```suggestion
We're happy to announce the [v6 stable](https://github.com/mui/mui-x/releases/latest) is finally available! 🎉
```

Author: For me it makes sense to redirect to v6.0.0 instead of v6.x.y because it's the release not where v6 is introduced. The v6.x.y will only discuss the patch/bug fix

Reviewer 2: Yep, makes sense 👍

Support and bug fixes will now be made on v6. 

> Only critical fixes will be added to the v5.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
v5 is now officially in **long-term support**. This means it's the last v5 weekly release, and new versions will only be released for critical fixes; to provide security updates and support for regressions.
```
